README.md, before:

# QuaternaryCalculator

# Meeting 1: 9/2/2024
Connected through Zoom  
Attendees
- Caleb Reyes
- Edgar Arvizu
- Pierson Silver
- Antone Thyge
- Tanner Bauserman

What was discussed  
------------------
We discussed [README.md](README.md), what the roles will be of the project. We divided up the bulletpoints to decide who was doing what. 
Unit tests are going to be written individually based on what bullet points you took to write. We also established a repository to commit our work too.

Task Distribution  
- Caleb Reyes = Conversion from Quaternary to Decimal and Square and Square root functionality
- Antone Thyge = GUI implementation
- Edgar Arvizu and Tanner Bauserman = Test cases
- Pierson Silver = Operator Class and Logic

# Meeting 2: 9/3/2024
Got together in class   
Attendees
- Caleb Reyes
- Edgar Arvizu
- Pierson Silver
- Antone Thyge
- Tanner Bauserman

## What was Discussed
We went over more specifics on who will do what and the progress that was made the night before.
Also worked on getting the Github repository to work for everyone

Commit message:

Add Implementation of MultiNumberOperations, SingleButtonFunctions, and Conversion classes into GUI Remove Placeholder class from GUI package

README.md, after:

# QuaternaryCalculator

# Meeting 1: 9/2/2024
Connected through Zoom  
Attendees
- Caleb Reyes
- Edgar Arvizu
- Pierson Silver
- Antone Thyge
- Tanner Bauserman

What was discussed  
------------------
We discussed [README.md](README.md), what the roles will be of the project. We divided up the bulletpoints to decide who was doing what. 
Unit tests are going to be written individually based on what bullet points you took to write. We also established a repository to commit our work too.

Task Distribution  
- Caleb Reyes = Square and Square root functionality
- Antone Thyge = GUI implementation
- Edgar Arvizu and Tanner Bauserman = Test cases
- Pierson Silver = Conversion and Multi Number Calculations Classes and Logic Implementation

# Meeting 2: 9/3/2024
Got together in class   
Attendees
- Caleb Reyes
- Edgar Arvizu
- Pierson Silver
- Antone Thyge
- Tanner Bauserman

## What was Discussed
We went over more specifics on who will do what and the progress that was made the night before.
Also worked on getting the Github repository to work for everyone
